link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/saljahmi/pen/xxZWJxP?editors=1100

Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        tags that have meaning
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        to markup a web page
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
        they are put in tags, and add specificity  
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        used for most important heading, and should be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        img and anchor
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        head- stylesheet link, page title, etc
    7. What is an id? 
        attribute that's used once
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
        all 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        once
    10. What is a class?
        attribute that can be used multiple times, useful for styling 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        all
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        infinite
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        include target="_blank" attribute in anchor tag
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
        used for accessibility; image description
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        div is non-semantic
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        styling
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the 
        h2 { }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        class used more than once, referenced with ., whereas id referenced with # and used once
        <section id="first" class ="post">
        <p class="post">
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        >, useful for picking elements within parent to modify those elements specifically
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div a.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        special selector that doesnt use class or id
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * {}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /*comment*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm, but it's permanent and no warning given
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        allows you to revert to other versions, and merge/track history
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        ~ every 20 min or after important change
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
        git push 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
        first, fork the repo and add the tl as a collaborator
        use clone/download/code button to get link
        open terminal and use cd to open folder you want the file to reside in
        use git clone <link> to get the file
        get into the file using cd
        use git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' to branch
        work on file, and commit changes using git add . to get them ready
        use git commit -m "message" to commit and add a useful message about it
        use git push -u origin branch-name to puch changes to remote 
        submit a pull request from your forked project, adding tl as reviewer


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

